this is marcus Corvallis to do MMA and
MMA niche and we're hours before
fabricio werdum fight and we're here
with Fabrizio strength and conditioning
coach Joe a bunch how nervous are you
right now well you know it's not really
nervous it's just excited ready to get
it going get it on I think we have done
the preparation and I think he looks
good I think he's ready and we just
ready to go man you're not a stranger to
the to the to the big senior the
first-round draft for New York hang on
i'm not very good with american football
knew your dance yeah New York Giants who
are playing in Super Bowl tomorrow and
your teammates the one that uh no how
old are you Jay no no but it's a big
weekend man you know it's big weekend
for sports big week in Las Vegas and
it's big weekend for the per diem combat
team man I think that prob rischio has
been waiting to get a fight like this
and he's ready really excited to be back
in the UFC and he just doesn't want a
victory he wants a devastating Victor he
wants a victory that you know oh where
was this fabricio werdum you know they
want he wants to show what he's really
about it's not just a jujitsu guy you
know he's not just a grappler guy and he
wants to show that and his his strength
this is on top of his game right now and
he should be good we both obviously
travel fabricio we know what it's like
and it's hard to to sometimes judge him
because he's always in such a good mood
and it's always happy but obviously has
a lot to prove not just to the UFC but
to the finals after that it's over him
fine you've been spending a lot of time
with him in in in the gym and you made
some incredible differences changes in
his physique tells a little bit about
that the bottom line was when he fought
Alistair you can look at him and look at
the difference between two heavyweights
and they weighed about the same but it
was such a big difference and then when
they got grata you know when I
collided the difference in power was
just I said there's no way we're gonna
have we got to do something about this
so that's when he dedicated himself I
got to put this all on fabricio he never
liked to lift weights but after that
fight he came to me and said listen I
need to get in the weight room and he
dedicated himself and we started off a
training program with MHP maximum human
performance and they put it gave us
three months to say okay let's see what
you can do we went and got fat testing
we did all kinds of testing for his his
heart everything else and we just
trained to drainage rain and he went
from twenty percent body fat to thirteen
percent body fat and three months Jay
that from twenty percent body fat to
thirteen percent body fat and thanks to
you thanks to that to the supplements
that he's been taking and and we saw it
on the scales yesterday a huge
difference in fabricio by the way he
looks and and you've been with him down
at King's as well tell us a little bit
about the difference that you seem
Fabrizio now versus before I think it's
the determination you always you talked
about it earlier that he's always a fun
you know fun guy but he has something to
prove now and he he fights with
something to prove and it's no longer
the guy who cut the hole he's trying to
get you down you know he's going to try
to knock you out it's gonna try to kick
your head off and if you're on the
ground is going to try to you know take
his arm home take your arm on with them
so he's always been a well-rounded
fighter but now it's like something you
know we've awakened the demon you know
it's like trying to get that machine
he's a we wanted to become a machine a
machine a machine and just going in and
you know do everything that he's capable
doing I talked about being a machine New
York Giants first-round draft is it
three times resilient jujitsu world
champion for dome so I'm sorry I'm sorry
full time what a man and a black belt on
fabricio werdum you know you can you
come into the game and it's not just
that you were strengthened conditioning
coach you understand the game that's a
big difference I think that was that
there was key is that when I started
doing jiu-jitsu
a lot of guys that were not as strong as
me they were submitting me getting me in
position and I've said man you know so
when I figured if somebody could be like
at the level of Fabrizio's jiu-jitsu and
have the strength and put both them
together it would be you know something
so what helped me was being able to go
and jujitsu and leave the strength
things away leave it out and I'll bring
it back in not only with me bring it
back in with Fabrizio so I see both
sides of it what what you can do when
you have the strength and what you can
do which he's been doing for years
without a lot of strength but now he has
the strength so obviously we're gonna
see it different for bridge on there
tonight what's uh what's your prediction
for the fight listen I just want a good
good outing I was going there if he does
everything that he trains you know he's
a machine and it would just be a good
fight and that's all I have to say it
would be a great fight so no predictions
on submission knock it would be a great
fight if he does everything which I
really believe that he's going to do it
would be a great fight I cuz Roy Nelson
there's no slouch right now soon as he's
a black belt also he's a very strong
he's got powerful right hand yeah so
it's going to be a good fight now this
is something you know Jay Glazer is a
good friend of mine and obviously very
much involved with both the UFC and with
NFL and and this is something I've
always wanted to answer you know with
way from Sweden and and in our country
now here's my chance this is my first
chance ever to ask an American football
player in my country when we play
football we'll use our feet now explain
something to me in a spool where you use
your hands ninety-eight percent of the
time how many cool that football so
you're talking about soccer right yeah
well you play with the buoy foot as we
that's when you suck the ball right
soccer and then we've left football here
American football is that we've always
you know we joke about that but it does
make sense to call soccer football and
what we call football american football
it's a rugby maybe american rugby
I I no no no no I you know what but like
we just said this is super bowl weekend
and I think there's not one thing on
television that's bigger than the Super
Bowl so and I think that's American
football not suck actually I think the
biggest outing on television is the
world's gov so there you go let's put it
this way will call football whatever big
whatever is big on TV all right any
predictions for the Super Bowl tomorrow
ah you know listen I played college and
university of michigan and brady
graduate from university of michigan i
played for the Giants i have to i think
that the giants I think a lot of people
were going with New England but I think
the Giants were pulled off tomorrow it
was right here and in a couple of hours
we're going to see fabricio werdum let's
see if Jaya bunch got it right on the
prediction and see the difference in
fabricio werdum as well if you want to
know more about training with giant you
can find them on junior bunch j letter j
letter all bunch on twitter over now
thank you sir